This directory contains different GraphSLAM tests using python scripts. 
my-slam.py constains the test for each case, run and modify it at will.

### Directories:
- commons: commons python functions used in tests
- v1-known-correspondence: Tests for simulated data with known data association
- v2-unknown-correspondence: Tests for simulated data with unknown data association
- v3-real-data: Tests for real data (unknown data association)

### Subdirectories in v1, v2 and v3
- data: SLAM data for the test (can be generated by the simulator or real data)
- res: SLAM data after aplying GraphSLAM algorithm + various plots
- res_lab: results generated in alternative format

### Parameters for Tests (from my-slam.py)
- g2oIterations: number of iteration for the optimization algorithm.
- xi: data association threshold.
- nlandmarks: number of landmarks in map (simulation only).
- infoOdomPos: information parameter for odometry position, in x and y (for real data: assumed information).
- infoOdomAng: information parameter for odometry angle (for real data: assumed information).
- infoPointSen: information parameter for measurements, in x and y (for real data: assumed information).
- kernelWidth: width of kernel.
- dataSkip: Frequency of ignored data (used to reduce dataset size, 1: no skip).
- interOpt: Number of poses between full optimizations. Used to control the frequency of full optimization (1: full optimization for every pose).
- dataSize: Number of poses to consider from the dataset (set to the total number of poses of more to consider all the data).
- simSteps: robot path steps (simulation only).
- disTest: distance test association threshold.
- poseSkip: Number of poses between (normal) optimizations. Used to control the frequency of optimization (1: optimization for every pose).
